So sort of final configuration and build.
So Carrie, Zee,
what I was talking about yesterday was to
give you kind of a bonus session, really.
We don't normally do this as part of
delivery,
but as soon as we've got a little bit of
time,
and obviously I think things are still a
little bit fluid,
I thought what I'd do is I'd put a
session in where we can run through how
you actually administer kind of the
the system itself rather than just the
end product of, you know,
these are the kind of the permits and we
can we can test a couple through as well
while we while we go.
Let me just share my screen with you,
which is.
Well, it can be.
I'll just move this over here. No,
because that monitor likes to go off.
Hang on.
Ohh.
Which is that one? There we go.
Okay, so, um...
A couple of little things before we start,
which is just worth kind of noting for
the record is that we have renamed the
permit module,
we called it now booking my contractor.
And then the permit tab underneath is
booking my contractor.
So that when an end user goes in to kind
of see this,
if an end user is a site user,
who is one of the scientists or somebody
like that,
and they're going to come into this.
We've seen that they just see these
actions here,
so they're booking my contractor kind of
option on there.
So you click it into this.
Just to clarify as well,
this won't be the way Smart would be
And then with?
booking any of our permits.
We'll be booking our permits via the jobs
and reactives and PPMs.
So they'll still come into the same way,
but we'll be booking them in via a
different way.
Yeah.
Yeah, so you go in for that route,
you click onto the help desk,
it would go into the help desk tab.
We can open up a job or click onto the
three dots here,
and then you've got this G002 permit to
work request. So whenever this one here,
if I click onto this,
It opens up this permit request,
which we'll see from the other side in a
minute. But basically, you've got,
it's now linked itself automatically to
the job with the response, with the date,
with the job description,
everything like that.
And then you see this form here.
So that's how you would raise,
how smart would raise a permit request
for in-house maintenance and those types
of things. The difference is,
if I go back to booking my contractor
again and then I add a new request,
this top section, everything down here,
what works to be carried out,
all of this is identical.
And you can see the additions that we've
made,
these customized fields that we've added.
So you've got the contractor name,
lead engineer, spaces for engineers one,
two and three,
and then the vehicle registration.
So that's all new,
that's not actually vanilla,
that's an addition.
You've got up here as well,
you've got a section for
emergency or planned works and then work
sponsor and in person request there.
So that's all new in addition,
that's not vanilla.
The little bit of the workaround we've
had to do with this,
because what we tried to do,
which would have been a nice idea,
was to get hold of the NPL approved
supplier list. And I don't remember, Tony,
if you told me.
Me or Travers told me it wasn't available,
it wasn't something that...
But.
I mean, I assume that there must be one,
because I mean, they can't,
people can't come on site unless they've
been.
Uh.
vetted and
It's why we're putting in our controller
works because it is it is embedded and it
is like, yeah,
there's there's not enough control and
that's what they have acknowledged to be
able to put this in to bring in bring in
Ohh.
a new team.
But what we are doing and I've started
doing today is is we've collated our
smart contractor list.
So you'll have a list of contractor
company names that maybe we can put into
the system for when we allocate both PPM
tasks, reactive tasks and permits.
Yeah.
So, you get that,
and we'll have the engineers and user
Perfect.
list as well, some by the end of the week.
The only thing with that,
the only thing with that.
Five 3 space this right this.
Okay.
You this supplier list here we looked at
yesterday as part of PPM.
Yeah.
Yeah,
and we had that smart money services
Yep.
there. That was you.
Your subcontractors are operatives of
Yeah.
smart money services.
Yeah.
So,
they're not needed for permit to work
because we're not.
Oh, okay, oh yeah,
because we can get them from that way.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, sorry.
You're right, no, you're right,
because when, when, when,
but when we hang among the smart money
services.
We were going to do a smart managed
contractor list or something, weren't we?
And then create an operative list just
under that.
Yeah, this is, sorry,
I haven't thought this through to the
next step because what happens is if I
select NPL external contractor here, okay,
Yeah.
and then I scroll down to the bottom and
then go one, two, three,
that NPL external contractor,
and maybe I should change
Change the wording of that to operative
or because that is linked,
that is an operative of that supplier.
So if you were to say this minute in time,
Yeah.
so if you were to select smart managed
services,
we should hopefully get that lift company.
Yes.
I know we got smart sub you want.
Yeah, we know it works. We know it works.
I just think that we, yeah,
Because that was on the main.
there's a little bit of admin that we
still need to do, but between Ash and I,
as soon as I get the list,
I'll explain what we want.
That's actually quite neat that now.
I'm sorry, I haven't even fixed,
Yeah, that is really neat.
because at least,
because then you got that and then, okay,
so then you've not onboarded your
suppliers, so those aren't the actual,
Yeah.
so the actual operatives aren't in the
system,
but obviously then they can come into,
you know,
you fill those bits in and then they're
sort of permanently captured.
Yeah.
Um...
Or, or if the scientist is...
This is the only thing is for the for the
scientists roots into this.
They're going to be their way that in the
SOP is going to need to be NPL external
contractor.
which is why we're going to need to have
a smart external or smart subcontractor
list as a drop down and then our
operatives or our businesses can sit
under that.
Yeah.
So, we'll have to an extra option.
Yeah.
Okay. And then ultimately,
I suppose you can decide at some point in
the future is if you,
because obviously you can't go down
necessarily the full of the full route of
allocating, because anyone,
people need an MPL e-mail address and
we'll never be able to kind of get around
that. But
Nope.
You could still technically is you could
have anyone that's come in a lot,
you could add them in as an operative of
MPL external contractor and link them up
Yeah.
to that and at least then people can
start.
Yeah, okay.
which should be something we'll look to
do probably across the very similar to
what we've just been doing,
which is why the admin sections coming in
Mhm.
and between the controller works team.
If they're seeing a business coming in a
lot, then they can add that to the list.
Yeah, makes sense. Okay, yeah, absolutely,
you can do that. Right. So,
let's go into the permit admin tab and
admin section in a second,
because what I'll show you on there is
not necessarily going to do all these in
order.
I'm going to jump over to the custom
fields tab here.
The crucial thing is, is those mandatory,
mandatory things that you saw with the
red tick boxes, the red asterisks on them,
they're the mandatory fields,
and I've raised this with with our dev to
say, what can we do with this? Because,
and there's nothing hard and fast
actually from what they've said.
And I said,
I want to be able to edit them.
because at the minute we've got a real
problem,
we've got a gap and this is something
I've asked Dev to look at,
but when you soon as you attach a form
and a questionnaire onto the actual
permit itself,
you end up with duplication because it's
asking you for RAMs and things like that
and for it to attach documentation. But
you end up with the duplication of the
two.
So it is in the pipeline to be looked at
as to whether we can sort of alter that,
but we are where we are for the minute.
And sorry for the carrying Z just did
just,
I'll just jump back just one second and
just show you what I mean.
These fields here,
so the description of work being carried
out with the red star,
That is a mandatory hard coded field.
We can't change that. These 2,
emergency or planned works and work
sponsor in person,
these are custom fields that we've added
in.
Same with this section here is we can't
actually get rid of this or alter this.
And I think you brought this up last time,
Kerry.
You know,
and we said obviously that people who are
booking on for the job won't necessarily
know what PPE is required. Ultimately,
that's a decision for Smart, isn't it?
As part of the permit authorizer to say.
How is this work to be carried out? Again,
this section here,
now there's nothing mandatory about this.
People don't have to complete it,
but we still can't get rid of it.
And we can't make it say,
attach your method statement here,
you know, put your RAMs here. It has to,
at the minute,
And.
say job specific documentation,
which for me is a bit woolly and it's
something that you'd have to cover in
your documentation and in your guide,
which says,
This is where you put your Rams.
Yeah.
So that is the person in charge again.
So all of this bit is here is mandatory.
But then these fields down the bottom,
this is the key bit I'm just going to
show you is that those ones there that
I've highlighted, they,
if I go back to permit admin,
and so the custom fields on the top,
Okay, here's where they all live.
So when you open any of these up,
if I open up engineer name one,
you can see the names that display,
what type of field it is. So in this case,
we just want to capture text,
but you can make it a date or you can
make it a drop down or anything you like.
section of permit request form.
So the form itself is split up into,
I think, 5, 6 sections.
So you can choose where this custom field
displays and then whether the field is
mandatory. At the moment, it's not.
And you've also got an option there for
the source order on the page.
So within that section, you could say,
I want this one to display first or 4th
or 3rd, and you can,
so you can really kind of juggle it
around to capture the information that
you want. And if you decide,
I don't want to use this anymore,
it's just not useful,
you can tick into the suppress and you
can suppress the record and off it'll go.
Okay.
So this is there.
You want to add a new record,
you just click on the big blue button.
Everything's quite sort of
self-explanatory there, really. OK,
so that's the first the first kind of bit,
if you like. The next bit, Tony,
was what you raised to me.
So we were talking about this whole
Um, forgive me, SSA 13 or whatever this.
I say, say, one for three.
143, SSA 143.
So originally this was in scope,
but now we're de-scoping it.
So it's unfortunately, Tony,
it's a really,
really complicated affair to do that now
that we've done all the work,
because what I'll have to do is I'll have
to come into here into SSA 143.
and then I'll have to tick that box which
says suppress records.
Fantastic.
Okay.
So...
So that's it. Yeah. So that's, I mean,
the reason is that the nice thing is
Good.
about sort of we have gone and then we've
suppressed it is if when this may evolve
at some point in the future and obviously
MPL decided there's a way to make this
electronic,
all you need to do is come in here and
untick the box and hit save again.
and it's alive and it'll sit against all
of those other where it's sat currently,
Hmm.
but ultimately it's just not an option
that somebody will be able to choose from.
Yeah.
Yeah, no, that's not a problem.
So
Yeah,
so the point of types is literally what
it says, these are your permit types.
So at the minute,
we've got a load with lines through them,
which have been suppressed because you
have the vanilla ones out-of-the-box.
And so out of those,
we've got rid of quite a few of them.
So obviously,
Chemical to work has gone,
cold work has gone,
excavation permit to dig has gone,
SSA 143 has now gone.
So just in just noting clearly here,
the permits that we have left currently
are confined spaces, electrical isolation,
which is actually an isolation,
not a permit.
They're subtly different and I'll explain.
You've got fire alarm isolation, hot work,
lifting operations,
LV electrical work and working at height.
Are there?
But we're going to need that excavation
one back, please.
Excavation one back.
OK, so again.
Do we are we putting in one for HV work?
I know it's what LV work, but HV.
I would rather keep that on our hot copy
ones.
OK.
Is there a reason, Tony,
why you wouldn't want somebody to be able
to, even if you,
even if your process is different,
how you deal with it?
Why would we want them to capture it from
this?
Ace.
Access,
access by its only limited people that
can issue them,
and they won't have full access the
people.
Sure, but what I'm asking is,
I totally get that and we can actually
set up different teams to review these.
So you can limit, you can say, you know,
Okay.
The.
you can have a general permit review team
or come on to teams next and you can have
Up.
a specialised review team, absolutely.
So the point I'm asking is,
is why would you not want to have
somebody able to request that even if
it's authorized.
Before.
Is more review of the.
Yeah, we can do it. We can do it.
I've just got...
Yeah, I need to think through the process,
but we can certainly start it up.
Yeah, so...
So,
we are going to be able to lock down who
can, who can.
Who can other phrases each permit,
aren't we authorised each permit?
Yeah.
which is offline,
would potentially be my issue because I
Yeah.
don't want James sat behind his computer
thinking he's got to do that when he's
Yeah.
got 101 other things.
But that wouldn't stop maybe the permits
going through the Controller Works Office
to be printed out and then issued to him
Mm.
for him to sign out.
That is a way round it.
That's what I'm getting at.
If you still want to,
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, we can do that. Yeah,
we can do that.
the request can still come in.
You're into it. Yeah.
Can we have as many of these as we want?
These permit types.
Yeah.
Yeah?
Okay.
Yeah. Again, I mean,
there is a scope of work and I mean,
we've kind of strayed away a little bit
from the scope of work anyway,
which isn't a problem. There's about 7,
I think, that are listed 7 or 8.
So I'm happy to actually work with you on
those ones.
But that's the point of today is to say
to you, okay, then,
Yeah.
so if I want to come in here,
I've got a brand new permit I want to
bring into this.
system, then click on the big blue,
add a new record,
and then this is what you do. So,
or even simpler than that, if you say,
right, well,
I'm never going to concern myself with,
well, I've actually,
I've got two SSA143s here.
That one there originally look was
mechanical isolation.
Yeah.
So if I go back to that now,
And I'll just copy that one.
So you could always come back in here and
just,
one of the things that's a little bit
clunky about permit is it doesn't always
like deleting things.
It's kind of annoying like that.
As soon as there's something attached to
Right.
it, it just will not let you delete.
So sometimes you can just,
so although that one still suppressed and
won't show,
you can see now at least it's back to
being mechanical isolation.
Yeah.
Yeah, so that's there, but yeah,
absolutely,
and that's so if I just run through the...
Yeah.
Sorry?
Oh, OK.
So let's just look at your excavation
permit today,
because this one wasn't originally in the
things that Tugba sent over to me. So
Is that your terminology,
excavation permit to dig? What's your?
Yeah.
Yeah, an excavation, blah, blah, blah,
notes. Yeah. So again, minimum lead time.
What did we say over these last time?
Was it 14 days? And again,
it's not going to stop anything from
happening.
It's just setting the expectation because
within your policy,
obviously that you're saying that,
you know,
To.
the way that you guys are going to work,
versus the expectation is you get 14 days
or you get whatever.
Bear in mind though that the lead time is
set against the permit type.
It's not something that you can set
according to whether it's planned or
emergency.
You'd have to create a different permit
type for that.
So you could have excavation standard,
excavation emergency as two permits.
We'll leave it as one.
We'll leave it as even zero because
Right.
sometimes it,
because I think every permit will
OK.
potentially need to be set as zero
because even though we will have our own
process,
Yeah.
We still will move on emergencies and
things like that and need to issue a
permit with 10 minutes notice.
Yeah. OK. So then you've got colour,
which doesn't do anything in the system.
It's just so I know each permit has got
its own colour.
I don't know what they are off the top of
my head.
But they're the choices that we've got
there.
If you want to change the colour of the
permits or classify them in a way that
makes sense to you.
Absolutely, you can do that.
Allow check in on these permits as well.
So this is just something I think we just
need to work through.
This bit might be of interest to Kerry.
I think you're from the health and safety
side. Is that my right on that?
You can add in accreditations here
required for this permit and then
trainings required for this permit.
So...
Yeah.
If it's not going to,
it's not going to say to anybody if you
haven't got these and you can't do the
work, I think we covered this last time,
but absolutely you can specify that this
is what the training etc that people
people need.
So,
is that the training required for the
person issuing the permit or the person
receiving the permit?
Person coming on site to do the job.
Contractor.
Yeah.
OK, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So.
a module that you've not sort of seen.
And I actually flagged this up to Kyle
the other day, Tony, because workforce,
we don't really cover it as part of
training, but I think it's really,
really important.
And it doesn't go in the help desk
training and it doesn't go in the permit
training officially.
But I'll cover it anyway,
Right.
just to say that your workforce is where
you control all of the kind of the
operatives and things.
So if I look at if I click on the
workforce tab,
Right.
I think we've looked at this in passing.
This shows me all of your operatives are
Yeah.
going to show in here.
So all of the smart people and stuff will
Okay.
be will be within here.
And if I click onto a record here,
I can add accreditations and training.
So here's my sort of, you know,
here's the things that I can add in.
So I can add training records in for
people.
I don't know what systems you might have
in place currently for things like that,
but it kind of, it does,
it fits into both help desk with PPM and
Yeah.
into permit as well,
because if you want to keep obviously
tabs on what qualifications and what
certification and accreditations your
operatives have got,
and then for help desk as
as well as permit to be able to say, well,
yes, this person can, this person can't.
It does give you a way to do that.
Within the workforce,
within the workforce admin,
This is where you can set,
so you can put specific trades in.
These are,
this is where you drop down lists live.
So when we just looked at training,
there's that training type default.
So if I added a new record in here and I
said,
Permit training.
And then hit save on that.
And then now if I go.
Back to permit admin,
and then back to that.
Excavation.
See, now it shows up.
So to do that, so do that type of work,
that's the type of training that that
person must have.
And you can obviously bring all of that,
bring all of that in.
Okay, what I'm gonna do though?
Then point me doing all this in sandbox,
I have to do it all again,
so I just realised I'll do it in live, so.
..
Oops.
Yeah.
This is where we were.
Yeah, category.
So if so here we're choosing whether it's
a permit and isolation or a certificate.
So if it's a permit, that's fine.
And we can check in on that.
Set your automatic expiry up.
That's now done, as per your request,
Tony.
Thank you.
There you go, super responsive.
There you go.
So is it 12 hours for everything?
So every permit needs to be set for 12
hours.
Is a maximum, yeah,
then it will go into chat.
Yeah, and that will automatically close.
So this is where the emails become
important as well,
because there's kind of two parts to this,
I guess.
Sorry, Robert, can I go back a sec?
Did you say after 12 hours they
automatically close or does it flag that
it's still open?
It will go to expired status, so OK.
Your statuses is the next action.
So you've got a status here called
expired. So it's not closed.
Yeah.
That's complete closed there.
So you will go from permits issued,
it will automatically move into expired
and it will send an e-mail notification
to, well, whoever you want it to go to.
So it will authorize, obviously,
if it needs to go to Zee or whoever it
needs to go to, to Tony,
That take,
you're not going to want to get notified
when every single permit expires,
but however that works internally,
you will get notified. The thing is,
is that unless you put an e-mail address
Mm.
in, Tony, against your supplier operative,
subby one,
They're the ones that aren't going to
need to know.
Only that is.
It's going to be something like,
it's going to be an internal recognition
Yeah.
rather than a flag on the system.
The system won't do that. So,
but we will send you an e-mail.
Yeah,
I'm just thinking if we got the very
Yeah.
unlikely scenario,
but unlike scenarios happen,
if someone's still working after 12 hours.
I don't want to quietly for the permit to
quietly close and no one realized.
Then we.
No,
well then we should be holding the permit
It's not closed.
in the office as well as upon on site.
Yeah. But ultimately,
when we built the dashboard and the like
that I showed you last time,
so for Z or whoever else needs to see it,
is that, you know,
you can obviously have that,
you can create an automatic report which
goes out just for expired permits.
You could have a report going out every
hour.
twice a day, whatever, you know, at 4:00,
5:00.
Okay.
And it says that these are all the
permits that are currently in expired
status. So from that side of things,
it'll do some of the some of the
Yeah.
notifications out for you,
but they're all going to be,
if I go back into my permit screen a sec.
on that dashboard.
See, permit status expired.
So I can see on there immediately on my
dashboard or any permits that has been
that status, they've not disappeared,
Yeah.
they've not gone anywhere. But these,
that's telling me at a glance that those
Nah, okay.
permits, you know, have not been closed.
And my immediate question then is,
is what on earth is going on because of
those people still on.
I mean,
I'm hoping not like from the 18th of June,
because I don't know where they've
disappeared to, but you know...
Is there a way we could change that
expired to just change the name into
something a little bit more relevant than
might take both C and Gary's box?
What would you like?
What would you like expired to be called?
Right.
What would you like it to be called,
Kerry?
I mean, I'm all right that word expired.
For me,
it's just the process of my worries,
obviously,
that we've still got somebody on site.
You're going to always have a dashboard
that's going to be up on the screen when
Say.
Yeah.
the controller works.
Okay.
When we get to the point where we can...
take a direct feed from this directly
onto that big screen,
it will show where we are.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah,
so if it's easy to change if you want to
Yeah.
change the name, we we've got, you know,
that's part of what this session is.
Yeah,
and that's exactly it you could call.
I mean, literally all I've done there,
because these originally,
these statuses here,
Again, vanilla out-of-the-box.
We had permit evaluation,
which I think was called authorize permit,
and then we had permit pending,
which was something else.
So we've changed these already into your
Yeah.
wording.
So the workflow is now that permit
evaluation, permit pending, permit issued.
But...
Yeah, that's that's that's as is now.
The limitation,
it's not a limitation as such is that you
can only have, unlike help desk,
because obviously appreciate Z, Carrie,
you've not seen,
I don't think they've been reactive on
the planned help desks yet, but you know,
you've got help that's going to have two
completely separate workflows,
that's fine.
Permit can only have one workflow.
You can have different sets of actions.
And very much, Tony,
what I'll touch on with you is I think
that for your HV permits,
you might want to have a slightly
different action set because rather than
it go through all of the different
various actions,
you might just want to be able to do your
authorized,
attach hard copy permit and that's
literally it. Bob, done.
Yeah.
How would, just on that though,
how would the management of the permit
once it's issued is still going to be the
same, isn't it?
So the requesting process is the same.
The management once issued is the same.
Yeah.
You still got one Z and the carrier,
whoever.
to have visibility of what's expired and
what's... So if AHV permits expires,
you still want to know about it,
don't you? So...
Yes.
Yeah, so it's the middle bit.
It's the authorization step that needs to
Yeah.
be different. Okay, I can show you that.
So we can do that as a kind of a live
example. So if I pick,
so if I do LV electrical work,
and to keep it simple,
What I'll do is I'll add a new record and
then a site name, we'll call this one.
HV.
Let you fill your own description.
The description pulls through to the
actual permit.
So this description of permits is like
the subheader on the permit that's issued,
whatever you put in here.
So anything that you, any sort of sort of,
you know,
awareness text or anything like that that
you want to pull through actually onto
the permit document at the top,
that's where that leads to,
that's where that goes.
So we're going to say there's no lead
time on it. Colour, I don't know, yellow,
maybe for orange, yellow.
Always the permit report.
Your category is a permit. Allow check in.
Yes, we will.
Won't stipulate anything for there.
Expires after 12 hours. Save.
So now I've got my HV electrical as well
as my LV electrical. So I've got the two.
OK.
So then...
Let's just cover statuses because as I
mentioned, this is your workflow,
but I think you're happy with this and
there's not, you know, if you decide,
and I started to build this because you
can see the IT step here.
So when I read the SSA 143 and I could
see on that document,
what the steps were, I went,
I read that document and went, right,
there's an IT,
potentially an IT approval step here.
And so what I did was I created,
added a new record and I simply created a
status called IT.
Yeah.
Then we decided, okay,
then we don't want that anymore.
So then I've just ticked it and
suppressed it and it's gone.
It would.
But it's always there.
And if you want to change it,
if you see the little sliders there,
if you ever wanted to bring it back,
you can just drag these around,
rearrange them.
Okay.
So that's a way you can expand and
improve on the permit process,
perhaps at some point in the future.
If you wanted to put additional
authorization steps in or anything like
that, at this minute in time,
it just relies on one authorization step.
But for example, with Luton Airport,
they have three authorization steps it
goes through before somebody can get
airside.
on the air side permits,
but for fixing something in Burger King,
it's only one.
So it's still the same workflow.
It's just how the where the actions
expose that are different.
So I always tell people to build your
workflow in permits to work to the most
complicated workflow that you have.
NHS is a good example. So some of those,
they need approval on the ward on the day
before.
So they need approval from the ward
manager to say,
to notify them that in a couple of weeks
that this work is going to happen.
And they also need it on the day to say
that nothing has changed,
all the oxygen bottles are out of the
road and things like that,
and that the work can actually go ahead.
So yeah, these can be quite complicated.
Profiles then is the next tab.
So out-of-the-box you have two,
you have and we've got M&
E and non-M&E.
Now there is absolutely no reason why we
can't sort of rename these routes,
these sorry,
these profiles because it'll make more
sense when we come into routes in a
minute.
Leave M&E alone for a minute,
but non-M&E,
we can call this high risk.
Because high risk is your HHV, isn't it?
Yeah, so I'll rename that that route.
Yeah.
OK, so now we've got 22 profiles,
if you like.
You have as many again of these as you as
you like. What the pro.
Oh, do you click a new record? Yeah,
sorry. Move on. Engage brain, Tony.
Just.
You OK, Shaun?
Yeah, no, I'm okay.
Yeah.
So this is probably the most complicated
bit of permit and I'm going to,
because it took me a few goes to get my
head around this relationship.
And once this bit kind of clicks and it
kind of makes sense,
then I'm ongoing is profiles links into
your teams, your routes and your actions.
It's kind of those three,
that one is those there and it changes
how the actions and things display. Okay,
so your status is,
your workflow is static,
that always stays the same.
but how the pieces move across,
available on the board changes.
We do that, start off with the profiles.
Next to profiles, you've got teams.
Now at the minute,
we've only got one team,
which is the permit team,
and that only contains me.
So if I go into here now and I say,
Uh, Tony.
Ash.
Gary, are you in here?
Yeah.
Um, like...
Not yet,
I don't think he's been enabled on the
system for that part yet.
Okay.
Right then, and that's the default team.
Nick.
Permit team, default team, right.
Now what I'll do is I'll add a new record
and I'll call this what specialist team,
high risk team.
High risk.
High-risk team.
Okay, and in this...
But you will be in it again.
It can be to start with,
we can remove people out,
it's not a problem.
OK,
so now you've got two teams and this is
feeding directly into what your concern
was about who can authorize,
who can who can do things,
who's going to who's going to work with
these different these different ones here.
OK.
So, now...
Permits with no matching routes will be
assigned to the permit team.
I normally build these out anyway,
so I say M&E, the profile is M&E,
goes to the permit team,
and these are the permit types currently
that are associated.
So if I click into this,
I can then change it and I can say, okay,
I also want excavation.
permit to dig in there, LV,
working at height, that can go,
don't know why that's still there
actually.
And even down here, look, you mean,
you know, again, it's not, no,
I won't cover that,
it's not applicable to you.
And from that team then as well,
you've got the ability to assign that to
one specific individual,
whenever it's going to be that route,
that permit team.
Don't necessarily want that,
but what I can do now for the route is I
can create another record and I can say
Got it.
high risk team.
Leave that for a second. High risk,
so that's the high risk profile is we're
linking it to the high risk team and
that's for the HV electrical work.
And then I click on save.
So now I've got those two set up.
So all of the permits,
or if the permit doesn't have a route,
they're going to go into the permit team.
But if anybody chooses ATV electrical
work,
it's going to go to the high risk team.
And when I go back to the teams,
there's the people.
So you can have a load more people in
your permit team and just a select few in
your high risk team that can
We can sign them off.
OK. Roles then. So.
Within this.
These are the people who can actually
perform the actions. So,
you'll have visibility,
so teams can have visibility of permits
and when they come in,
so we can see them obviously on the
scoreboard on the on the workflow when
they when they're coming through,
but only certain people can take
actions in certain stages,
one of which would obviously be the
authorized person.
So within the authorized person role,
so this is a collection or a group of
people who can perform a specific action.
Users in this role,
they can update the permit header.
User in this role can delete a permit
header. We'll leave that as
as is for now.
And these are the people who can
currently do that.
So let me just add in Ash and Kerry.
Do you understand?
Have I explained the difference between a
team and a role?
Yeah.
You got that, okay?
I get it. The rest of the team.
Everyone.
Sure. Because again,
it pickled my head for a good couple of
weeks, to be honest. So just making sure.
Yeah.
You can also,
to save you having to do individuals in
here with these approvers,
you can also assign a security profile.
So you could always have a security
profile called permit approvers,
and you can manage it that way.
And that way you manage it at a user
Yeah.
level, not at a module level.
At the minute, though, obviously,
it's just set up at the minute that it's
us.
plus specific people, if you like.
So I've got an authorized person.
Is there anybody else?
You've only got the one approval gate.
There's nobody else that's going to need
to perform an action on this.
Is that this minute in time?
You've not, this is what I was saying,
you haven't got stage one,
stage two approval or anything like that.
It is literally just, okay,
nice and simple.
Nice and simple. On to risks.
So if I go back to my permit request.
This is the type of work or risk.
This is really, really important.
So I hope that I think this looks a
little bit more clear once I explain it.
But this is kind of the hub of it.
This is kind of the heart of the risks
means that this is displaying to the
person.
So whether it's somebody from the help
desk or whether it's to the scientist
who's requesting this,
OK, is that this is showing in here?
a human readable description of a
non-technical description of it is now.
A risk can be 1 permit or it can be a
collection of permits.
And this is in risks is where we're going
to configure this.
So are you happy enough for,
and I'll get rid of this one now,
don't worry, but this,
you're saying select one or more risk
associated with it.
So it says someone's going to come and
complete hot works to work.
work in a confined space to work in a lab
space. Does that terminology,
does that make sense?
Because that's basically the list that
somebody is going to choose and pick from.
The only one we want to remove is to work
in a lab space.
You don't want that one.
And we don't want the top one either,
yeah.
OK.
Which one general works?
No, we want general works as the SSA 143.
Yeah, that one. I'll get rid of that now.
But in terms of the others,
Yeah, yeah.
because does the formatting match,
you've got lifting operations and you've
got to complete hot works,
not to perform lifting operations.
I don't know. You're not bothered.
That's fine.
Yeah, okay.
So I'll go back from there into permit
admin.
And then in permit admin,
then we've got our risks and here are all
our risks. Again,
it doesn't allow us to delete them.
And I don't know why.
I have raised this.
So this is what I was saying, Tony,
Thanks.
earlier, that unfortunately,
once you create something,
you can only suppress it.
Or if you need to change it,
just change the name and you can
reutilize it as something else.
Yeah, exactly that. Exactly that.
You got it. So that's all. So you could,
yeah,
so you want to change lifting operations
to something else.
So this is your risk list now.
Yeah. Now,
what this then does is it says for
general works,
what risks is now going to do is it's
going to link the risk category to one or
more permits. So for general works,
it's currently linked into SSA 143,
which is probably why it won't delete,
the other one won't delete to be fair,
but
Yeah.
So what so what is the general works
permit now then?
It is a out and out general works. It's a.
..
ensuring that they've got the correct PPE
to be on site,
that they've got the right skill sets and
that it would then normally link in to
are you doing one of these other jobs as
in are you doing electrical work? Yes,
then you will need an electrical permit
if you
If you're doing a lifting operation,
then it would link into a lifting
operation.
That's the way we use it at the moment.
Right.
So does everybody need a general works
permit to come on site regardless?
Yes.
So sometimes people will
So if people can come on to site and
they'll just be doing general works and
there'll be no additional,
there'll be no hot works,
Yeah.
it's just general works.
But if somebody comes on to site to do
Yes.
hot works,
do they always need a general works?
Yes.
Yeah, okay, so what?
Yep.
So everything else on there is
effectively like a...
I want to, is more like high-risk works,
whereas a general will cover you for
general work on site.
Right. So what we're missing then...
It's a general work permit in here.
Yeah, so we don't have one currently.
So what I'll do,
are you ever likely to do cold work,
Bernard?
That's it.
So what I'll do is...
Each other?
So I'll call this one general works
permit.
So created a new permit type there called
General Works Permit.
Change that to the zero colour.
Let's go light green.
12 hours again.
Yeah.
Little suppressor, right?
So now we've got that general work permit.
So now when I go back into my risks,
The general work permit,
the general work risk is going to link to.
..
general work permit.
My lifting operations is going to link to
my lifting operations and my general work
Yeah.
permit.
Hot works is hot work in general work.
So the point is,
is the person requesting this doesn't
have to specify what they want.
You're setting the rules now. So that way,
you know, this has to,
obviously these two are now going to be
tied together always.
So hopefully that stops, you know,
errors and missions, things not getting
Okay, and sent through,
so I'm just doing all of these now.
General work.
So,
so we can still have it set up so that we
could have, say,
a working at high and a hot works permit
linked to one general works permit.
It could be the same task they're doing,
just working that height type thing, so.
Yes.
You won't get multiple, yeah.
And that's kind of the nice thing about
it.
So you wanted me to get rid of this one,
didn't you? So I'll just suppress that.
Yeah, this is it. Once you've created it,
it doesn't like it.
Are people going to be clear that to work
on electrical items means LV, not HV,
or we need to add something in here for
HV, don't we?
Ruth.
Yeah, we need to rename that one to...
LV and then copy it and do it for HV and
then we'll work through the process
internally.
Yeah.
to work on LV electrical items.
I'm just thinking, sorry, we've,
when we've recently done our permits with
Smart, have we done their permits,
they basically put HV and LV on the same
permit.
Really?
Yeah.
Um...
But this is a NPL, not smart.
It's true. Yeah, yeah.
I'm happy to leave it separate,
to be honest with you.
Yeah.
So add a new record,
so add a new record to work on HV.
Are the scientists going to know the
difference?
Hope so.
Yeah, but the HV probably won't hit them,
but it'd be good to have it on the...
Okay.
Oh.
But.
Right, that's all your risks set up now.
So the risks, we've got general works,
lifting operations, to complete hot works,
to work at height,
to work in a confined space,
to work on HV electrical items and to
work on LV electrical items.
Any risks missing there?
No.
And each of those,
so general works risk is linked to
general works permit and all of the
others.
Sorry, but have you got excavations there?
No, good shout. Well, hang on.
Can I can I please put to dig a hole?
You got, you got explanation crossed out.
Yeah.
Of general works.
We never re-enabled it because it was not.
Yeah, dig a hole.
To.
Yeah.
Could you just want to put it on there?
Yeah.
Let's get dead.
So you take a big hole.
Yeah.
I'm sure some other people somewhere down
the line won't share our sense of humour
Yeah.
or your or you or you humouring me and it
will be renamed,
If...
but you know we it is it's a good it is
it's a good description of the risk.
Yeah.
No.
You know, it's going to attach to the,
this is the whole point,
is it is it attaches to the excavation
permit and also the SSP,
let's get rid of that.
Let me just sense check this.
That would not take it in the lamps.
Yeah, but that's it. So I mean, you know,
it's that's the whole the beauty of the
Yeah.
demonstration of risk is it's
non-technical,
but you know that that to dig a hole is
going to link to the excavation permit to
dig permits.
So the permit that comes out at the end
isn't going to be a to dig a hole permit.
It's the excavation permit and the
It is.
general works permit. Yeah.
And we'll change the wording on that.
You can do what you want.
There's a little bit of capitalization,
which is bugging me,
but I'll fix that later.
So just an action on myself to come back
in and to tidy up the capitalization in
the risks.
Sorry, apologies.
Can I just looking at thinking about it.
So when they someone goes through and
then selects the risks,
we want to encourage them to obviously
put general works.
Is, I don't know,
is it worth rewording to say, so,
and that's the other thing as well I was
going to ask is, if they were,
they knew that a general works permit
required, if they were doing hot works,
but they knew that it would also require
a general works and they ticked both.
Does that, is it like override to say,
because you've got,
For all the high risk ones, it says,
rightly so,
it requires a general work permit as well
as the relevant high risk.
But then if you tick the general works as
well, to sort of,
Yeah.
does it then think that it needs 2
general work permits, if that makes sense?
probably at the minute, to be honest.
Yeah.
Probably at the minute, okay.
Because I was then thinking, is it worth..
.
Because you want them to,
everyone to tick general works at the
very least, or if there are no high risk,
you want them to just,
you want them to tick general works.
I don't know if there's a way we can
reword that in some way to say like,
Yeah, general works, no, none of the,
none of the about,
none of the below or something.
There's not a way to reword it.
And to be honest,
I think that's an action on me is to is
to take those away and speak to the devs
about this.
Let's just see what happens out of
interest because I'm not.
Ohh.
No, that's looking good to me, isn't it?
Okay.
Look.
No, I selected both then. It's only,
it's not, it's not double bubble there.
It's just we've still got those,
just those two. So we, so, so,
Okay, perfect.
so David already thought of it. So yeah,
so even if you,
so even though it does the,
it won't allow more than one of the same
type of permit per application, which is,
which is good. That's what we want.
If you were to select,
and I know that this probably won't come
through from our science team,
it will come through from...
some members of Ash's team and that might
be if they were doing electrical works at
high, working at high.
What would that do?
Well,
you can see here that the risks
identified,
they're the two boxes that I ticked.
Yeah, but what I'm saying is,
where you did it before,
Because of the...
you've done general works and hot works.
I suppose, yeah,
you've answered my question there,
because it would just be exactly the same,
wouldn't it?
It's so then in your in your in your
permit application here.
This is so in this box here,
you would say to work at height and to
work on LV electrical items.
So then you'd get the working at height
Yeah.
permit,
the LV permit and the general works
permit.
But you wouldn't get 2 general works
permits.
Because even if I was to click onto that,
That's right.
I'm still going to get 3 permits,
not five.
or whatever it is.
Yes, yeah, yeah, no, that's fine.
But we could let,
we could change the wording on that where
it's got general works.
That might suffice your needs, Ash.
Just change the wording on general works
on that one.
General.
That one there, yeah, I just changed,
and then in brackets there.
Minimum needed. Click here.
Yeah, yeah, minimum needed, yeah.
It's so that people don't, I think, yeah,
so that people don't not select,
But we can, I, we can.
do not not select it as well,
because you don't want works,
someone that doesn't know or, yeah,
just assumes that, oh yeah,
everything's good, none of these,
and therefore don't need any permit.
Do you do you need a general one?
Yeah.
But bear in mind, just that's spot on.
And we've got that now,
Yeah.
but when I add in a new request,
so you've got that,
but that's the mandatory field.
So if I don't take anything,
Yeah.
Oh, perfect. Perfect. Yeah.
it's always going to make somebody pick
something,
but at least you've got that now right at
the top of the list as well,
Yeah.
which it just says, you've got it.
Perfect, yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Great stuff.
So risks, I mean, this is it. So this is,
as I say, it's kind of like the end,
like the end, the kind of the engine room,
if you like.
So it's good that we got that bit,
that bit right now. Rules.
So this is where we linked.
all of those permits to those specific
rooms, that's what they came through.
So again, although it's called rules,
I think that's quite a grand term because
it's not really, it doesn't, it doesn't,
it's alerts, it's notification of,
it's not,
so there's nothing there again that's
going to say.
But at this minute in time,
each one of those is going to flag on the
help desk.
As needing that permit,
is that the end of the world?
There's no permit approval process for
that permit, but you can still use it to.
No, I think that's wow, sorry,
I didn't wanna.
For us to have is is needed for them to
arrange.
Yeah, absolutely.
That'd be really,
that's a really good visual indication.
Yeah, great. Okay. And same, I don't know,
obviously I've seen some big electrical
stuff on the on the on the core data,
but I mean, if any of that stuff is HV,
then again,
you can link those into your HV stuff.
So I mean,
I'll leave that as an action for
yourselves again, is by sort
Month end,
if there's any other permit types that
apply to here.
You can.
I just need to get Lewis to finish off
that. I mean, again, the question was,
I don't know if this is now superseded
anyway,
but the question was for the equipment.
What was driving the permit?
Because we have the access permit,
that SSA 143 against equipment and
against rooms.
Was it the asset itself that was driving
the permit or was its location?
Yes, location.
Location.
So we've captured all of that anyway then
by that, that's fine.
Yeah.
But bear in mind that you can also link
permits to PPM types.
So that's quite a nice one to have now if
there are any,
because obviously it gives you visibility
straight out of the back that these PPM
activities require
These PPM types require a specific permit.
Yeah, be good.
That'd be good.
Is it, yeah, so is it the type,
so if it's like uh...
The distribution boards, it covers all of,
yeah, okay.
Yeah.
And that's why I'm just,
I just the thing as soon as I open the
mouth and I was like, yeah.
So, we've got, we've got a,
although that's slightly changed, I guess,
with the new the new bit of equipment
we've got,
but we did have a weekly monthly task for
our fabric team to do the gutter cleaning
at one of our buildings,
and they did have to.
on the,
that did require them to go onto the roof,
which required a working at height
permits.
That's slightly changed now because
they've got a nice new brand,
Yeah.
spanking new bit of equipment, but
That would, I guess,
be a perfect example where you could
assign a risk. Is it a risk?
Is that what I'm or permit type? Sorry,
I should say to that PPM. Yeah,
permit type.
It's a permit type, it's a yeah.
I'm just trying to think what other
others we've got.
But bear in mind, it's so,
so you're against the PPM type.
Did you?
Yeah.
Um...
Ooh, that's new.
Does this change change quicker than what
you know what's happening?
Not room uses, that's.
And I'm honest about it.
I'm not supposed to do this, to be honest.
I'm supposed to like be stoic and just
like, you know, but it's shiny and I go,
Mhm.
But.
Yeah.
oh, that's new. Yeah,
it changes all the time and they don't
Ohh.
tell us, oops,
I'm not being recorded this. No, I mean,
Yeah.
Haha.
I mean.
Fill the room later and we said,
I feel quite bad now,
because the labs need the SSA.
Yes.
Everything is in there, so you can say,
and you know.
Yeah.
It makes it from a set, you know,
from a self-administration point,
because trying to do any of these ones is
you have to be able to sign off and you
can, you know, I mean,
then it's a conversation about, you know,
budget and all sorts of stuff to be able
to do a further upload.
But now you've got it by room use and
absolutely it's super quick for you to
come into here and then to add
add the new one in and say, yeah,
so all of the labs need this permit,
all of the different types of rooms,
your plant room needs something.
So I'm guessing somewhere.
Is the is the PPM type a drop down as
well, like that?
Are you able just to be able to have a
quick look, because I think it actually...
Yeah.
APIs and those.
Um...
Yeah, fire alarm, fire alarm,
12 monthlies.
Yeah, but yeah, be those, yeah,
the category one, two, and threes,
they'll need a fire fire.
But.
Fire alarm isolation.
I guess we're not gonna...
And they'll need,
and they'll need to get them to work.
That was needed.
Yeah, I guess,
are we going to put general for
everything?
Everything subcontractor potentially,
but then.
That means we'll be generating the PPM
per task, doesn't it?
That's what I was thinking,
something gotta go through and update all
So all of a sudden we won't end up with
one, we'll end up with...
this information.
Ray.
Which is not what we want, so is it?
Y3.
Because we'll have three PPM tasks,
so will it not generate 3 risk
assessments, 3 permits works?
No,
because bear in mind that these are all
the rules are is alerts on your help desk.
So it's just going to tell the help desk
that this activity, this location,
this piece of kit needs a permit.
It's not raising it.
Someone's still going to have to go and
raise this.
This is why we were saying before,
This is just.
when it say rules, it's quite.
It just means if a help desk job,
so when a PPM,
when you're looking at your PPM view,
when it's for one of those three,
it'll be tagged if it needs a permit
raising,
so it'll bring it to the person's
attention.
So Jason or whoever's manning that can
see that.
Yeah, OK. Yeah, no, no, I stand corrected.
Yeah.
The.
Are we are we going to have that on
pieces of equipment as well?
Yeah.
So if you need, you know,
you need skill work on a particular piece
of equipment that might be up high,
therefore you know you're going to need
Yes, yeah.
to work in a high permit.
Looks like we can do that if you,
what's it look? Are you able just to,
yeah, if you do asset equipment?
Yeah, can you show us what it looks like?
Yeah.
That's interesting.
Or do you have to put it at the asset
level?
I wonder if you have to do it on the
asset screen. I don't know.
No, it should, this should be so.
Or is that are you gonna add new record?
Yeah, but yeah, sorry. Yeah.
Thank goodness you're here, Ash.
I don't even put in.
Is it, oh, is that type? Okay, so...
So, yeah,
so it would apply to all the types rather
than individual assets.
K.
Really?
Yeah,
if you did it against distribution boards,
I guess you wouldn't be able to select
specific.
So if you had one distribution board,
I don't know,
Um...
that was high up and required to work in
a height permit,
you can't go down to that individual
asset level, I guess,
because that's an individual distribution
board.
Yeah.
Um, it.
Yeah, you'd have to apply it to...
Um, all the assets.
Yeah, but then wouldn't it be?
Yes.
Is rooms, areas, areas, and rooms,
so would that...
Isn't there an area in room for where the
asset is?
Is it just waiting for the block?
Yes, yeah, as far as I can,
has assets been assigned to a remote area,
yeah?
What's what?
If I added a new record,
give me an example of something that's
high on the main site.
Uhh...
Like A.
My damper? Yeah.
Do they work at heart for that?
Yeah.
I don't know,
I wouldn't have the top of my head,
but then that's...
But then are you then applying it to all
that?
So if you've got a fire damper in a lab
that's high up and needs a working at
height,
and then you put it against a working at
height one for that lab,
then doesn't all the equipment then...
We could put one in that lab.
In that lab, yeah, get signed it.
It went against that one,
but you've got one here,
look for external area.
So you can have a room called high area
Yeah.
or a room called top of the building or
whatever you want to call it in the core
data. And then you put the asset,
make sure the asset is associated to that.
We could, so you could do,
so if you go down on this,
there will be like one called Ruth or
something.
Maybe not, it's not, maybe it's not a,
it's not a room level, it's a floor level,
that one.
I don't know if there's a roof,
just a roof.
But you can absolutely say, I mean,
this is this is just something to bear in
mind, kind of tweak with these,
wherever you've got them is go into your
core data and then obviously within that
block is create an area or a room called
roof,
make sure there's one for each of the
each of the blocks,
then link the assets or equipment to roof.
And then you don't,
then then you can specify that the roof.
Needs working at height, but yeah.
Yeah.
So you could do it with Bushy House,
because every time someone goes onto the
roof of Bushy House,
they need work and hire permit.
Am I right in saying?
Most of it, yeah.
I build him one.
You just need a roof added on to that.
Yeah.
Yeah,
I think if I got roof level just at floor
rather than room at the moment.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well,
there's something possible there to
But, yeah, we know, yeah,
we know how that works, so...
explore.
Yeah.
Perfect.
Going back to the form,
then going back into booking my contract,
then going back to add a new request.
That's this list here. It's not mandatory.
You don't,
nobody has to take anything here. But,
and the kind of the purpose of this is
that...
Whatever is selected on here.
Goes on to the permit itself.
Can that be added, edited by the,
because this is the request, isn't it?
Mm.
Can that be then be edited by the
controller works team to enforce?
Yeah.
Yeah, OK. What's TTBD?
To be decided, I put that in.
And I put 00 at the top because what I
Man, man.
was trying to,
because it's trying to do 2 things.
So because it's a,
because it's not a mandatory field,
no one has to fill it in,
but I can't get rid of it.
So when the scientist is putting their
thing in that that's going to be in their
face,
Yeah.
And if that 00 TBD isn't there,
because again, it's alphabetical,
so I can't even order it.
So T disappears down to the bottom.
So as a scientist, my thinking is,
is when a scientist sees this,
Yeah.
they're going to go, oh, well,
I've got to come,
I've got to tick a box here.
Unless you say in your
Mm.
to ignore this section or whatever
instructions,
you don't have to complete anything here.
You can edit an amendment.
I...
I mean,
one of it is the side rules would sort of
I think we can keep it.
take over, but yeah.
I'm happy with what it is,
I just didn't know what DBD is.
Can we, can we add?
Add something into that list.
We had harnesses in there.
Yeah.
So going back into permit admin and then
I go back to my personal equipment.
Fashion.
We got it, we got one there,
safety harness.
I got safety harness, okay.
I mean, again,
these are literally just tags.
Yeah.
So, to put it in, to put it into your...
OK.
terminology.
I thought I was just looking for under H.,
but yeah, that's cool, that's fine.
Play it again.
And this is kind of the thing, isn't it,
is that that safety, I mean,
should I get rid of safety?
Put my protection.
I protect you all that I wear.
Kerry,
you can go in there and edit the release.
Yeah.
We say...
Okay.
Nope.
You wanna get rid of TBD?
It's just suppressing it, yeah.
Makes sense.
Yeah.
I wonder actually it might be useful to
keep it in there because you've got
anything that's a bit quirky that you
need a little bit different PPE for.
Bear in mind.
At.
Not for us,
but for the science team might have.
Yeah, as ever,
we're kind of falling in between 2 stools
here,
because you certainly wouldn't want to
have TBD on your issued permit.
And that's that and that's the point.
No.
So whatever, whatever is ticked off.
from here either by the scientists or by
yourselves. The idea is, is kind of like,
is that is that if the if the actual
operative,
the competent person who's doing the
permit application,
one of your suppliers or you doing the
permit application,
you're saying what you are going to use,
that's the design of it.
as part of my RAMS,
this is what I will be using.
And then that goes through onto the
permit. As A secondary,
it is for you as an authorizer to say,
I'm issuing the permit on the basis that
you have this PPE. That works fine.
What it's not very good at the minute is,
Yeah.
Yep.
yeah,
you've got somebody out on the MPL side
who is
submitting this and they haven't got it
because they can give you the RAM,
but then did they know? So,
but that's all, that's fine, that's there.
If I go back to booking my contractor now,
add a new request,
you can see TBD is now gone.
Okay.
Great, how, how are we all? I mean,
we are we OK, 'cause it is, it's another,
it's a good session, it's,
but it's I appreciate it's heavy,
there's a lot here,
it the will be recorded,
I will send it all on to you and...
It seems quite simple,
what with everything that we need to do
for the admin side is across the top.
You just need to,
it's in one of those fields.
Yeah, exactly that.
Now we come to the last,
so I'm just wary of your time as well,
because what I do want to show you as
well is the questionnaires. But these,
for your use cases,
these are the last two now that we need
to cover. So forms,
We build the form and questionnaires,
which I'm just highlighting there.
Yeah.
And if I don't get to this today,
I'll make sure that at some point we do a
quick catch up a bit.
The questionnaires is like,
if anyone's used Microsoft Forms or
anything like that,
this is how you build the actual forms
themselves.
What forms is in terms of permit admin is
this is where we link the forms.
So this is now where these profiles come
back through. So M&E.
So if I go on the M&E profile,
you can see here straight away we've got
this SSA143 form.
Which links to the general works, so...
As ever, we won't be able to.
Delete these.
Let me just suppress them for the minute.
That's really annoying.
So just an action to myself on that one
is that there seems to be a bug in the
form section whereby you can't delete
them or
Yeah,
you even have to link them to a form
before you can delete them,
which is before you can save them,
which is kind of strange. Okay.
Sorry,
it's just from the transcript I get the
action notes.
Sometimes when I talk to myself,
when AI do its thing later. So.
I'll have to dive into the questionnaires
a minute.
So in the questionnaire section down here.
You've got set up.
And here is where I built all of the
different questionnaire forms.
So if I looked at this one here for
working at height.
So what I've done.
And I won't go to,
just for timing purposes,
I won't go too much into depth about how
we build them. Honestly,
if you've used Microsoft Forms,
you'll get it in 5 minutes.
But we create the forms in questionnaires,
in setup and in questionnaires.
And then this is based on the
documentation that Tugba had sent over.
Now,
if you want to make any changes to this
one, this is the working at height one,
just undo the release.
And then you've got a list of all of your
questions in here.
And you can add headings in,
drag them about, add new questions,
all that kind of stuff. It's quite,
quite self-explanatory.
What you must always do is you must
always release the questionnaire for use,
otherwise it won't show up in the permit
module.
K.
That might be worthwhile putting a
session in for that one.
To.
If we do get some spare time.
Absolutely,
we can probably pick it up in one of the
Mhm.
Thursday mornings because it's not,
it's really,
Yeah.
it'll take me 10 minutes max just to show
you how to build up.
Okay, then I I became.
Yeah. Now, just a little note,
a note well point on this.
The idea for the permit system is that
you can build a form,
an application form in here.
And this is when I've been whistering on
about the duplication between the
mandatory attach your documents here and
the form.
Because what you're supposed to do, well,
in the other use cases is that you attach
your form to the application step.
We've just got that page which is enter
the reg details and the engineers and
that's it.
There's no form attached to that.
But at every step you can attach a form
or a form part.
So what you will see here is you've got
the hot works form.
And what we said in discussion with
yourself, Tony and Travers was that,
you know,
the scientists aren't getting involved in
any of this. You know,
this is your internal permit process.
So the way that it works currently is
Yeah.
that the scientist just completes the
actual application form.
as in that those few boxes,
but it will create all of this in the
Yeah.
background for you.
And then by completing these form parts,
this then populates your permit ready to
be sent out.
So we've got a part here called permit to
work, hot work.
And what I then also created,
was permit to work acceptance and permit
to work authorization.
And these bits is what I kind of pinched
off your permit,
those standard permit forms,
it always looked to be the same.
Yeah.
There was kind of a disclaimer,
a confirmation, competent person's name,
competent person's signature.
And then at the minute,
I've got all of this kind of stuff still
here as well,
because I wasn't quite sure which kind of
route we were going down. The point is,
that each one of...
You got a hot work to work hot work for
me.
you've got that acceptance and that
authorization.
So you build your forms here in
questionnaires,
in the setup of questionnaires.
So long as...
You make sure that.
That's like bad example.
Making sure the questionnaire type is
putting it to work.
You can change these types that they can
be one of those different things here.
Your PPM just note as well,
obviously now won't go into this,
obviously the SFG,
but whenever SFG resolves itself,
see here you've got a type of
questionnaire called PPM. So all of the.
Sooner and somehow or other,
your PPM checklists will be people will
be forms as well.
How they get here is TPD,
but they will be all of your PPM
checklists will be here in this
questionnaire section.
So you've got your permits,
your risk assessments,
the risk assessment form that I've built
for
reactive help desk start job.
So that lives in here too. So again,
I'm just showing you.
Where is it? There's your risk assessment.
So this is where I made that.
So again,
if you ever want to change that risk
assessment,
we were talking about it yesterday,
this is where it lives.
Okay.
We do need to look at just a note for
Kerry and Z, we do need to look at that.
So.
asking guys to fill in that every time
they do a job.
That's 12 questions for every job they do.
So we do need to think about that.
But no, no, where it lives.
We can edit that one.
Yeah, absolutely.
Right.
So back into permit admin.
Now hopefully this will make sense.
So in forms, M&A.
Right.
So, what we're saying here is that...
The profile is M&E,
the type is hot work,
and this is the part in the section.
So there's a hot work permit,
hot work authorization,
hot work acceptance.
Those 3 live on that route.
So all of these forms have to be linked.
So there has to be a working at height
with a working at height authorization
acceptance.
LVs done,
there will need to be the dig a hole,
permit to dig and all of that kind of
stuff. So again,
I'll work on these over the next week to
make sure that all this bit,
this is the bit I just need to focus on
to finish off,
I think now to make sure that this is
right.
So the action on me is just to make sure
that the rest of the forms are built and
linked.
In the in the system itself, OK, so...
If you save one of those for next
Thursday, maybe we can work through,
me and Ash can work through with you with
one of them,
just to see how you do it and then that
could be our training for it.
Yeah, sure. Yeah, absolutely.
Because I mean,
I can do this as part of it,
because we get 2 hours to do the training,
which is plenty of time to the end user
bit.
And you might well want people to be able
to create their own forms and
Yeah.
questionnaires to save everything coming
through you,
or at least the drafts that you can then
sort of set around. Yeah, absolutely.
Jack.
Within the actual,
when you click on the forms,
this is where we kind of link the
questionnaire that we've just saw,
we link the form from the questionnaires
module into the permit system.
And here you've got, this is crucial,
the statuses in which the form can be
edited. So this now is your work.
flow.
So what I'm saying here is that I can go
in and you can go in as a permit
authorizer and you can make changes to
this form right the way up to the point
that it's issued.
Mm.
because those boxes are ticked and who
can do it?
The authorized person can update the form.
So it is where it's kind of worth knowing
that although you've got an authorized
person,
you might want another role within the
permit team to be able to, you know,
to kind of to build those out as well.
Because otherwise, at the minute,
Yeah.
it's only your people who can do the
authorizing that can make any amendments.
I don't know whether that's if you've got,
let's say you've got a permit
administrator and that's somebody.
somebody who's going to click around and
all that and fill all the forms in for
you based on what comes through on the
RAM. So the scientists are in the RAM,
you're reading the RAM,
you're completing that form because
that's populating your permit.
But I don't know if the authorized person
is the person who's going to be doing
that. But at the minute,
they're the only person that would be
able to.
Mm.
So what I'm actually going to do in a
minute is just to show you is I'm going
Yeah.
to go back into roles and I'm going to
create, to give you an idea of this,
I'm just going to create one you might
never use it called permit admin.
Yeah.
And.
Okay,
now we haven't actually got anyone in
that role at the minute, but it's there.
So now when I go back to my forms and I
look at my hot works,
I can say permit admin can also change
those.
Can you reduce them down? Can...
So can like the permit admin only do
everything up to permit pending and then
the authorized person can only do up to a
certain point?
No.
Right.
Greatly there,
totally understand why you want to do it
as well.
Mm.
Uhh...
No.
Great development,
great development point.
Yeah, OK. So AI note for development.
What Tony just said.
Good.
The.
Yeah.
O.K.
And.
What the workaround would be for that,
and it would be is is you can obviously
control the actions, so what you would...
What you would do is you would need,
we'd need to create an action. So when,
so what these were originally called is
permit evaluation was the authorization
step and permit pending was authorized
not issued.
So what you would need to have is an
Action in this status,
in this permit pending status,
which returns it into evaluation.
And then you would untick that one,
a permit pending.
Yeah.
So what would happen is is that you are
the only person who can send it back.
So you have to send it back in essence to
yourself to do the edit.
So the only edits that can take place is
it can only be edited up to the point
that it's authorized. Then only you,
permit admin can authorize it,
only you can and only you can call it
back.
But you call it back into the
authorization step,
make your edit and then send it forward
again.
Mm.
I'm not even sure that that's a bug now
I've thought it through because I mean,
you shouldn't really be altering the form
technically at permit issued state,
permit authorized not issued,
but it's authorized.
So as soon as it's authorized,
should it really, once it's issued,
it definitely shouldn't be changed.
There's an argument to say once it's
Out.
authorized, it
be changed because bear in mind it's
going to be evidence going to catch on
Yeah.
the audit log. So you authorize a permit.
contractors come into site on the basis
of that,
you could still change the conditions
that the last, you know, I don't know.
Option is there for you.
Not really.
Okay.
Just on just on that changing.
When, so...
Right.
Say we assign,
we've got a subcontractor coming in and
they tell us who it is, who's coming in.
I think that is that part of the process
we put down the operative name.
And then last minute for what,
and this does happen,
I would say infrequently,
they send someone else at the last minute
for the day, because I know someone's ill,
especially with some of the contractors
who we're familiar with.
They might then,
they've got a few engineers,
they might go, so and so's ill,
so they're going to send in so and so on
this day instead. Is that, that's,
but the permit's already been authorized
for them to come in.
But if we hold it a perfect permit
pending and it'll only get issued once
the contractors come in.
Okay.
That's my that's my way of looking at the
process.
See, interestingly, on that as well.
Sorry, Ash, I just, I did,
I did zone out slightly a sec then,
because I was just trying to figure
something out. I'll come back to you just,
if I may, is that
So once a permit is issued,
this makes sense to me. I mean,
once a permit is issued,
doesn't matter who you are,
I've got full admin.
So if I in permit pending, so this is,
this is the, so this is right, isn't it?
Permit has been authorized, technically.
It's now waiting to go.
The use case you're saying, I think, Ash,
is that the, is that
Bob's meant to be coming and Chris ends
up turning up instead. Okay,
Yeah.
so in permit pending, which is authorized,
not yet issued,
so it's before it gets to Z,
as far as my understanding is,
you can come into here and you can update
the details of it and you can change the
engineers' names that are on here.
Okay.
Yeah.
But the moment that it goes to,
and quite rightly so,
Go.
once Z issues it or whoever is the issues
that, that's gone. So even NPL, even you,
nobody can tweak an issued permit,
which is right, isn't it?
Yeah, it's a legal document, so.
Yeah, yeah.
So, but at permit,
so obviously best endeavours is who's
coming,
permit pending is authorised on the day
someone's gone in sick, let you know,
you can go in and change it and then that
will be the name will be changed and
issued onto the permit.
Does that answer your question? Sorry,
I didn't catch you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah,
so on.
Got the estimate. Cool. Right,
where are we? Set 1530.
Would that have to, would that have to be,
sorry, the person who organised the work,
changed that?
Nope.
No, it could be anyway,
be part of the permit team,
Be anybody? Yeah, OK.
because the permit team owns it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Right, we saved the best for last.
Ohh, darling, now you're scaring me.
Actions.
Um...
Really simple lot there, aren't honey?
Oh.
Nothing there, right? Boom.
This is help desk.
I like this screen.
Okay.
You do.
This screen here, yeah.
Yeah, so...
For Z and Kerry who have not seen help
desk, you know,
I'd expect this to be more overwhelming.
For you, Tony, if you've seen it before,
your status is across the top.
That's your work plan.
This looks like there's loads going on
here, cancelled.
It's on that one, two, three, 4,
five times.
That just means that cancelled is
available in those five status.
That is just one action.
If I click on to cancelled and go into
here in a minute,
you can see that this council request is
available in those statuses. One, two,
three, 4. Oh, I count. Is there a second?
cancel one. Okay, so what we're saying is,
is for the action here,
it's at which statuses can I cancel it?
Now,
I can only cancel it up to the point that
it's permit pending,
so that it's authorized, not issued.
As soon as it's issued,
I can cancel the permit.
I can close it, but I can't cancel it.
I think that makes sense.
Yeah.
who can, who can do this.
So the only person that can cancel it
currently is the authorized person.
So the contractor, again,
this is designed in the way that your
suppliers are on boarded.
This is out-of-the-box vanilla.
Could a permit admin council a?
Are we in the same situation here is that
you wouldn't want and you wouldn't cancel
once it's authorized.
My, my only thought.
I mean,
potentially the permit and bean could,
but the supplier can't.
Yeah,
my theory would be we might cancel a
permit if the job's not finished,
but for whatever reason we've run them
off site type thing.
The.
But then we'd want to cancel the permit.
Yeah.
Yeah,
you you close the permit if you've issued
This one.
it, you wouldn't cancel it.
Yeah.
Okay.
Because you've issued it, I mean you.
So it's sort of similar to what we do now.
Mm.
If we're issuing a permit out and for
whatever reason,
that contractor then leaves site,
you want to close the permit.
You wouldn't get rid of the permit,
would you?
On the closing bit, the job's finished.
Yeah, but...
To help.
think about it,
sometimes we issue a permit the last for
12 hours or and then they come in back
the next day. We wouldn't cancel it,
we just close it, wouldn't we?
If we're removing the contractor from
site because they've done something wrong,
we close the permit,
we wouldn't cancel the permit.
Yeah, yeah, OK, yeah, OK.
Bear in mind as well, Tony,
the decision was made, wasn't it,
that you were going to issue one permit
for the duration of the work,
not a permit per day,
and that you can check the permits in and
out.
No, no, no, no.
I think we're going to do it per day,
No.
I think. Or were we? No,
we did talk about this, didn't we?
It won't work with our system. Well,
it will,
Ohh.
but it's going to create an
administrative nightmare for you and for
Yeah.
the site, because when you,
so when you initially do that screen,
you have to say when do you want the
permit to work for.
Yeah.
So the idea was is that if somebody needs
to come on site for five days,
is the permit lasts for five days and on
the dashboard,
I'm getting some dev work.
There is some dev work.
process for that.
So that we took the idea obviously that Z
had for Z's view last time is to look at
it and say,
I want to show me all of these permits
and I can check in and check out and
somebody on the gate can do it, you know,
so that when the contractor is driving
out at the end of the day,
before the barrier gets raised is that
technically they can have a laptop in
there.
and they can check people out or
controller works or whoever you want to
do it.
But there'll be a screen where you can
actually do that. So if they got,
if they're doing the 48 hour job,
but they're going home in between,
the permit gets issued for 48 hours,
then the, it gets checked in.
when they leave site and they check out
when they leave site and then the next
morning they check back in again.
But didn't we say we weren't gonna have
permits open for more than 12 hours?
How's that gonna work if we got like a
five-day job?
Yeah, it's not.
Don't know.
We can be daily now, Kerry.
Even though if last five to five.
Yeah, but like we're saying,
if we're going to have permits open for,
say, 5 days,
if they're doing a job that's going to
take them five days,
I guess they're going to go home every
night and come back inside the next
morning.
Assuming we've still got the same
engineers turned up every day, etc, etc.
Yeah.
But if we're saying we're going to have a
permit open for more than 12 hours,
that's not going to last them five days.
No, it's not.
There is there is a conflict there that
No.
needs to be be resolved,
but the honest answer to it is is I can't
think of a nice way that the system would
for any well.
But also it depends on the risk carrying.
Because if it's a high-risk one,
it has to be daily.
It.
It does, but the same thing,
we still could have somebody on site for
five days doing the same job,
but it's high risk.
just because it's high risk and lowest
won't make any difference for what we're
sort of saying here.
I think they've just thrown a can of
worms, haven't they?
You have.
Yeah, if we do it daily,
if we do it daily,
So, like...
it allows us also to check how the works,
the works progress going on,
because if we do it five days,
we can't leave it for five days because
Yeah.
anything can happen.
I think this is what we were just saying.
We're going to we're going to open the
And we need to assess again.
permit for five days, but just.
This is not a system issue,
this is a management issue on how we
It.
manage them when they're issued out.
Because, correct me if I'm right or wrong,
thinking back,
we will still need to sign people back
onto that permit.
No.
on a daily basis.
So say they come back in,
Yeah.
we're still going to have to reevaluate
the risk,
agree that there's no more new ones there.
So all we're doing is like a subsection
of a permit.
Yeah.
There's one permit which is valid and
people are checked in or checked out
Yeah.
against that permit.
So there's no change because if you
change the scope or the agreement or
anything like that,
then it is a new permit to be issued
because that all permit then you don't
Great.
have an amendment to an issued permit.
The permit is black and white.
None.
So if they,
so if on they do a different engineer
That's what it is.
turns up, for example,
would have to close down the permit and
reopen a new one.
Yeah.
But then that's right, isn't it?
Because the permit has been issued,
That's right.
so the permit has been issued to that
team, to those people. So if they...
The question is,
can he change that team first?
Because how then do you know that those
engineers are now competent? So you've,
as part of your initial authorization,
you've checked the accreditation of these
three engineers,
they swap somebody out last minute.
Are you just going to accept the fact
that that person's as qualified as the
Yeah.
other one?
Or are you going to have to get the
accreditation, the training certificate,
anything else that goes with it?
It depends on how
Oh.
the risk appetite and the conformity,
I guess, to this, you know,
it's where obviously standards and
compliance meets real world. But
Yeah.
That is the thing.
It's issued against certain people
because you know that they are competent.
How do you then know that the person
Yeah.
Pick up.
that's smart in is? So it is any better.
Yeah, but things we do know,
they might just be the swapping out one
electrical engineer for another
electrical engineer type things.
So we already know that individual has
been to site before, etc.
We know the individual.
They come on day one,
but they come on day two.
I'm just thinking.
So it depends if it's planned,
if it's planned.
Mm.
Then,
within we had two people coming to site
to do the work.
Okay.
If it's not planned,
then we need to reevaluate the risk with
that individual because of the
competencies and the skill set of that
Yeah.
individual.
This is management of the system rather
than the system.
Yeah, which needs, yeah,
we need to sit down, yeah,
get it all sort of documented, don't we,
so we know exactly what, if this happens,
we do this, if that happens, we do that.
Yeah.
Yeah,
this is a management of the system rather
Yeah.
Our, our.
than a process system.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK, yeah.
And our devs are quite protective and
ferocious of the process because I've
gone through some, you know,
usability tweaks a couple of times and
been shot down in flames. You know,
can't we just do a copy permit based
hours, you know, issue for the next day,
everything has stayed the same and issued
it.
And then every,
and I've already given you that what I
got in return,
playing devil's advocate with you,
you know,
because that's exactly what I was told.
No,
we won't do that because things can
change things.
So the permit is issued in a certain
specific conditions.
If those conditions change,
it is a new permit.
So, yeah.
Um, yeah.
Sorry, I was just going to say in,
I was just thinking about how this works
in terms of planned plan maintenance,
because the way that the plan maintenance
has been set up is asset based. So
Let's take chillers, for example.
We've got a number of chillers across
site. Our subcontractor for chillers,
they will send,
they'll be on site for a number of, well,
like a week or two and each day.
So there'll be, there'll be a job.
Task for each chiller.
To what, and um...
Cross site,
and then they'll they'll have a schedule,
so it will know in advance what days
they're coming in to do the chiller.
If so, they'll normally, they might do,
maybe not chillers,
because I think they traditionally do one
chiller I say a day.
But so with boilers,
they might come in and do more than one
boiler or gas detection panels.
They might do multiple in one day,
but they'll have separate,
they'll be separate tasks for it.
Is that then in all of these instances,
they just require general permits?
Will that be a general permit for all of
those?
So if they're doing 5 boilers in a day
and there's five tasks,
will there be 5 general permits?
No, because it doesn't link to,
remember the permit is just a note,
the permit link is just a notification on
the help desk to say that this PPM
activity needs the permit.
So you can raise,
so you can raise one general permit to
cover the works that they're going to
carry out over a period of time.
Yeah, because it's completely separate.
There's not.
Oh, okay, oh, that's perfect. Oh,
I was getting worried then.
Oh no, I'm sorry,
you're talking about raising it from the
job, aren't you? So when you...
But is it a case then with planned work
that we don't raise it by the job?
We raise it separate to the job.
Yeah, sorry, that's a great point.
That Ash actually,
and I'm not taking it to that to that
conclusion, so...
If you've got five-day tasks.
And then they're linked to a job.
Yeah, so it's down,
so it's down to the management on the
help desk side.
Because...
Although it links to the job,
it's not enforcing anything.
But it's still an interesting,
an interesting thing to say that.
Jeffery, yeah.
So,
with with with like I'm thinking more
around our gas panels,
there's loads of them and they'll do a
lot over,
they'll come here for say a week or two
Mmh.
weeks, but they might do,
they'll do all the panels across site and
there's a lot of them.
What we don't want is having to raise a
per a general permit for.
Each of them,
because then you will end up potentially
No.
with like,
it would look like there are 8 permits to
open.
Yeah.
for a day,
but actually it's just for the same
No.
person that's come to site. So could you,
I don't know if you go back to the
management of it,
could it be we raise to link it to the
job,
we raise a general permit for one of the
Yeah.
jobs and just say this covers our point
safety engineer for this period of work
that he's doing?
Yes.
Um, yeah.
Tony.
What or?
We've got booking my contractor.
Yeah.
It won't work, I will, I will.
No, no, no, no, no. We don't need to have,
we don't have to specifically do it
against the asset.
We can then just put the description of
what they're coming in to do.
Yeah.
Just doesn't mean we have to associate it
with all of those assets.
I think that's probably going to be the
better way of doing it, thinking about it.
Yeah.
Because then we could effectively say.
LH, they're sending in five engineers.
We know they're sending 5 engineers in.
This.
Please.
We can still issue 5 permits out to those
individuals.
What?
I.
Where this is going to fall down is...
Yeah.
Right, you're dead right,
and I went there with this one as well.
But when you do book in my contractor,
because that's what I was going to say to
Ash,
we'll just do it the same way the
scientists would. The problem is,
is that smart managed services.
And let me show because it's not let me
go into into preview into sandbox.
So when you do that book in my contract.
So when you book in my contractor,
so this is you guys now saying, okay,
I want to book a permit out that's going
to cover all the jobs.
You add your new request in.
What you're going to do is you're going
to come in and you're going to go write
smart managed services.
No, we're not,
we're gonna do smart external contractor.
And then we're going to have all the
operatives as the contractors.
But, hang on, that's...
So, right.
Yeah.
Okay.
We won't do it.
Were you going to say that you have to
specify it to an area or something like
that? Because we could just do it by site.
You could just say main block.
No,
the issue is the linkage because bear in
mind that you are not a supplier,
you are the maintenance team.
With.
Now when you raise a job from the help
desk and it comes in from the help desk,
then you can pick the maintenance team
people. You're on one side of the net.
Even though you're smart,
you're on the NPL side of the net.
When you come on to this side of the net
as a supplier,
smart managed services is linked to
Smart subject one.
Yeah.
So.
The only way, well,
the way that I would suggest to keep this
So.
tidy and simple is you have an operative
called Smart Smart Maintenance Operative.
Kyle.
Go back to the top again,
go back to the top of the screen,
Because then you.
because I just want to talk this one
through.
Yeah.
Instead of having smart managed solutions,
because it's solutions not services,
keep on winning to say that one.
Let's make that change right now.
I'll do it in I'll do it in live though,
The.
so we we capture that on the next coffee
down.
Go on, Tony, keep going, sorry.
If we set up in this location,
in that location there, smart contractors.
I have to look at that.
So we're going to add another one back in
there that says smart contractors.
Six.
Then we give you a list of all of our
contractors.
Those then become available in permits.
They do,
but they're a duplication of your
operatives as the maintenance team.
No, because you're going to have two.
We're going to have one as smart managed
solutions and then one is smart
contractors. So 2 different suppliers.
To what? So just worry, yeah.
Yeah.
So then our operatives will all be listed
as our contractors that Smart would use
on site.
But it's a duplication, yeah?
Yeah.
Also, Warwick, Warwick,
I was going to say, just,
I don't know if you,
if you're aware or you, I don't know,
just to confirm,
our own engineers don't need general
permits for the stuff that they do.
So the only permits our engineers have
No.
are high risk ones.
So that might be where in the planned
environment,
We would probably...
Oh,
we wouldn't raise any general permits for
any planned stuff that our own engineers
do. We would.
do that, we would raise high risk ones,
but I would say we would do that,
associate it to the task because they're
going to be few and far between.
So I think I said earlier,
the gutter cleaning of Bushy House would
be an example where we would raise a
working at hire permit for our operative
to work on the roof of Bushy House.
It's more for our subcontractors.
They all need general permits.
Our own engineers wouldn't.
So from a planned,
from the planned maintenance world,
I'm not worried necessarily about the
permit side of it.
It's for our own staff or for whatever
Yeah.
our own engineers carry out.
for all the subcontractor stuff,
because that's where they are coming to
site. They will get a general permit.
Yeah.
If that makes, if that helps.
It, it, it does, doesn't it,
but it's still...
you need to request the permit so you can
still,
even if it flashes up on the help desk
because you know we can't sort of say it
depends if it's internal or external,
it's going to say on there that you that
location or that asset or that PPM needs
a permit and it's for you then to say
it's fine because it's internal.
but it's just if it's external.
So there's not, we can't split it.
I can do exactly what you've said, Tony.
The only thing that I didn't like about
that was it means that you would have to
maintain 2 lists for your operatives just
for permit.
That's not a problem.
but just double checking on that,
that you've still got this down here.
So if you, in that instance, if you said.
Top Managed Services.
and then you have the person in charge as
smart managed staff instead of smart sub
you want and then you put their names in
there if you do with the other
contractors,
then you wouldn't have to maintain the
list. You just...
Okay.
So there's two ways of doing it,
but you're going to have duplication in
Okay.
the system.
One way is going to be nicer because if
you do manage the two lists,
then ultimately anybody that's linked to
that is a tick box in here.
So you can go ding, ding, ding,
ding once they're in. So administratively,
it's more difficult to maintain the two
Mhm.
lists.
The less administration means that you
have to type into this each time.
Yeah.
So it depends which way round you want to
go. But by all means, if you are.
So the other supply,
what smart managed contractors did you
say?
Yeah, smart,
smart managed external contractors.
So this one should be solutions.
Yeah, but you did it on this.
We're in sandbox here, aren't we?
Yeah, I'll just, yeah.
Eight.
Okay.
It's not my solutions, yeah.
Yeah.
And we'll just put something in,
so it's what would you want the other one
to be?
Smart manage contractors,
external contractors.
So, adding a new supplier.
Lin.
We can change the type,
we can change the supplier type to permit
as something, so you can identify it.
So it's pretty obvious what it's kind of
Yeah.
actually for.
So yeah,
so whatever your operative list is then
is absolutely we can duplicate that,
replicate that if that's as a starting
point.
So whatever operatives you send over to
us and you say, yeah,
so we can just create a non-login account
Yeah.
basically so that they won't be
authorized to log in.
Yeah.
And it'll be just a name tag account,
but yeah, absolutely, we can we can do it,
Mm.
we can do it that way.
Yeah, okay. We got 2 minutes left.
I've not really gone into actions.
This is what I mean. It's a you've seen,
Ohh.
you've seen everything that you need to
apart from sort of actions in.
to adapt that I would like to have done.
Ruth.
What might be worth doing to be fair?
I don't know. I mean,
I've enjoyed this session.
I've not really done it this way before.
I've just kind of done a build and here
you go. That's kind of it.
But I thought it'd be nice for you to see
how you actually do it.
Might have be worth it just trying to get
another.
another session just to look at.
If once you define,
it doesn't have to be done before
training,
it's not an immediate thing right now,
even just we do it over the next couple
of weeks or whatever.
What I'm thinking is, once you've defined,
let's just leave it on this point.
When we set the profile right at the
start here and we change this M&
E and high risk, yeah.
Yeah.
So on your actions now,
although you can only have one workflow,
Okay.
we can't have different workflows.
We can have different actions.
So at the minute, profile M&
E has that. High risk has nothing.
So this is where I was saying right at
the start is that, you know, your
awaiting submission and all of this,
this bit here will be will be the same.
But you permit,
this bit in the middle here will be
Yeah.
different, might well be.
It could be it's actually, you know,
Yeah.
ultimately you haven't got a supplier in
there,
but if you want to have different actions
or anything like that,
you can build them on here.
So even if we just do an hour at some
point on a bit of actions in a little bit
Yeah.
greater detail and the questionnaires.
Yeah.
Might be booked something again for,
because I don't think it's going to be as
in depth with not as many people in NPL
dialing in as in Travers.
So maybe we could use one of the Thursday
morning sessions.
Yeah, OK, next Thursday morning.
Yeah, to the four of us.
Yeah.
Which I have done nothing anyway.
Yeah.
It.
That's fine. Right. So the last thing,
last order of the day then is when do we
want to book this?
Training session back in and I've upset
all of your other people.
No.
And.
Do you wanna propose a date or two,
and then I can get it out?
That'll work to whatever we tell them to.
Thursday, 6th afternoon, 2 o'clock.
Double-check.
The 16th.
Yeah.
Yeah, that looks good.
Got PPM the next day.
Oh, goodness.
Wednesday the 15th, 10 o'clock.
Um...
I can't do the morning,
only I'm in hospital.
But.
Shouldn't stop everyone else from doing
it.
Actual permit training. Yeah,
because I think, I mean,
so this is the thing, I think, obviously,
taking you through it in this much depth.
It'll make sense to you anyway, Tony.
So if I do, if I do.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Thursday, the 15th at 10.
Up.
Duplicate that.
Wednesday the 15th, sorry,
not Thursday the 15th.
I would say the 15th.
Ten o'clock.
Um...
An hour and a half should be fine.
More than enough.
So, what do you want me to say?
It would be any any people have that in
that training,
and then obviously I can I can cover,
I mean I can cover forms as part of that.
just so people are aware,
because it might come in useful at some
Mm.
point anyway.
But in terms of the actions and stuff,
Yeah.
I won't delve into that.
I'll save that for our Thursday one.
Yeah, that's.
But yeah, in.
In that case,
an hour should be an hour and a half
Yes.
should be should be plenty.
Yeah.
If you send the invite to me and Ash,
and then we'll distribute it out to...
All of the keys.
I've got Travers, you, Jason,
Gainsborough, Craig,
Wakefield and Kerry currently.
Just send that out to those again then.
Yeah.
Yeah, and we'll get out to Zay and Ash.
Make sure Ash is in on every training
Um...
session.
Yeah.
But he does come up with some good ideas
occasionally.
Keeps me honest, spots my mistakes.
I think everyone spots my deliberate
mistakes.
I'm trying to,
I'm trying to try to offer solutions
I'm waiting.
rather than cause problems, but...
Yeah.
Ohh, we like that. I like that a lot.
Yeah, bring me solutions, not problems.
I'm still waiting for you to offer Ashley
a job after the brilliant work he has
done.
Fantastic. Thanks for all you.
Excellent,
I really appreciate your time again,
it's been good.
Yeah. And thanks for sticking with us,
Ian, Kerry.
I appreciate it wasn't necessarily what
you thought you were coming into.
So I hope it's obviously beneficial and
yeah, we'll keep moving it forward.
Great seeing you all as ever.
Enjoy the rest of your day.
Excel.
Thanks for your time.
Yep.
Take care.
Cheers.
Excellent. Take care. Bye.
OK. See you next week. Bye.
Bye, bye.